How do we slap our male partner?
Tianlai male companion spends a day on the water.
Let me go!
I like to dislike my male companion,
Come back with me quickly, I can only act for a while,
Will recommend to the few talented people.
Can't I make love for you? My family is full of misfortune.
It's more valuable. I can't help but burn it for you.
My family can't afford to spend any money,
What can't you afford to spend money on?
Anyway, I have died once, and you are here once,
It doesn't matter anymore, if I die,
There is no one to save me. this
Move me back quickly
I don’t want you in this matter we have now
How can you apologize?
How can I give you everything?
Let the cow family be in urine
What a terrible fight
when i heard
I didn't promise you
That being said
I heard now
I am blessed in response
It won't be happy like this
Let me go
Let's start from scratch
You have enough time
If we lose, we won’t be able to survive last year.
Can you follow me?
Just because you can't give in